document what ports are required for MS to work in the README (#969)
kubernetes-sigs/metrics-server: README.md

- Nodes must have Webhook [authentication and authorization] enabled.
- Kubelet certificate needs to be signed by cluster Certificate Authority (or disable certificate validation by passing `--kubelet-insecure-tls` to Metrics Server)
- Container runtime must implement a [container metrics RPCs] (or have [cAdvisor] support)

> - Require ensure that the follow ports are accessible.
> 
>   There are two communication that we need for MS to function:
>   - Metrics server needs to be accessible from kube-apiserver running on control plane nodes. Whether we need to access service or pod depends on whether `enable-aggregator-routing` is enabled on kube-apiserver:
>     - Service IP needs to be routeable and port 443 needs to be accessible from kube-apiserver if `enable-aggregator-routing` is disabled or
>     - Pod IP needs to be routable and port 4443 needs to be accessible from kube-apiserver if `enable-aggregator-routing` is enabled.
>   - Metrics Server needs to access Kubelet on all nodes, this means that both address and port needs to be resolvable and accessible.
>     - Address which metrics server uses to access Kubelet depends on `kubelet-preferred-address-types` flag configured on Metrics Server.
>     - Metrics Server accesses port 10250, which needs to be accessible from cluster network.
> 
>   For Service/Pod IP to be routable from kube-apiserver, means that control plane to node communication need to work https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/control-plane-node-communication/#node-to-control-plane. This requires either:
>   - Have access to cluster network from control plane nodes, for example by having them run kube-proxy.
>   - Have SSH tunnels/Konnectivity service configured.
>   - Switch Metrics Server service/pod switch to HostPort/HostNetwork.
> 
>   For ports to be accessable, means that those ports cannot be blocked by firewall. Depending on network setup this could mean node or network firewall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Network should support following communication:
  - Control plane to Metrics Server API. Service/Pod IPs need to be routable from control plane node and port 4443 (also 443 for v0.6.X and older releases) needs to be accessable. Alternatively  Read more about [control plane to node communication](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/control-plane-node-communication/#control-plane-to-node). 
  - Metrics Server to Kubelet API on all nodes. Address provided in Node object need to be resolvable and Kubelet port 10250 needs to be accessable. Kubelet registers multiple addresses in  `.status.addresses` field of the node object. Metrics Server will select the first available from `kubelet-preferred-address-types` command line flag (default `InternalIP` in manifests).
```
My original comment was not well written, I redacted it a little. Maybe a someone from SIG-docs can help make it more readable?

I think we could consider changing service port to 4443 for network configuration simplicity. Let's update it for the next release.

- Nodes must have Webhook [authentication and authorization] enabled.
- Kubelet certificate needs to be signed by cluster Certificate Authority (or disable certificate validation by passing `--kubelet-insecure-tls` to Metrics Server)
- Container runtime must implement a [container metrics RPCs] (or have [cAdvisor] support)

> - Require ensure that the follow ports are accessible, metrics-server listens to and accesses by default: 443(service), 4443(metrics-server pod), 10250(kubelet)

Reviewer: There are two communication that we need for MS to function:
* Metrics server needs to be accessible from kube-apiserver running on control plane nodes. Whether we need to access service or pod depends on whether `enable-aggregator-routing` is enabled on kube-apiserver:
  * Service IP needs to be routeable and port 443 needs to be accessible from kube-apiserver if `enable-aggregator-routing` is disabled or
  * Pod IP needs to be routable and port 4443 needs to be accessible from kube-apiserver if `enable-aggregator-routing` is enabled.
* Metrics Server needs to access Kubelet on all nodes, this means that both address and port needs to be resolvable and accessible.
    * Address which metrics server uses to access Kubelet depends on `kubelet-preferred-address-types` flag configured on Metrics Server. 
    * Metrics Server accesses port 10250, which needs to be accessible from cluster network.

For Service/Pod IP to be routable from kube-apiserver, means that control plane to node communication need to work https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/control-plane-node-communication/#node-to-control-plane. This requires either:
* Have access to [cluster network](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/networking/ ) from control plane nodes, for example by having them run kube-proxy.
* Have [SSH tunnels](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/control-plane-node-communication/#ssh-tunnels)/[Konnectivity service ](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/control-plane-node-communication/#konnectivity-service) configured  
* Switch Metrics Server service/pod switch to HostPort/HostNetwork. 

For ports to be accessable, means that those ports cannot be blocked by firewall. Depending on network setup this could mean node or network firewall.

Author: /cc @serathius

- Nodes must have Webhook [authentication and authorization] enabled.
- Kubelet certificate needs to be signed by cluster Certificate Authority (or disable certificate validation by passing `--kubelet-insecure-tls` to Metrics Server)
- Container runtime must implement a [container metrics RPCs] (or have [cAdvisor] support)
- Network should support following communication:

>   - Control plane to Metrics Server API. Service/Pod IPs need to be routable from control plane node and port 4443 (also 443 for v0.6.X and older releases) needs to be accessable. Alternatively  Read more about [control plane to node communication](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/control-plane-node-communication/#control-plane-to-node). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Control plane to Metrics Server API. Service/Pod IPs need to be routable from control plane node and port 4443 (also 443 for v0.6.X and older releases) needs to be accessable. Read more about [control plane to node communication](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/control-plane-node-communication/#control-plane-to-node). 
```

>   - Metrics Server to Kubelet API on all nodes. Address provided in Node object need to be resolvable and Kubelet port 10250 needs to be accessable. Kubelet registers multiple addresses in  `.status.addresses` field of the node object. Metrics Server will select the first available from `kubelet-preferred-address-types` command line flag (default `InternalIP` in manifests).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Metrics Server to Kubelet API on all nodes. Address provided in Node object need to be resolvable and Kubelet port needs to be accessible. Kubelet registers multiple addresses in  `.status.addresses` field of the node object. Metrics Server will select the first available from `kubelet-preferred-address-types` command line flag (default `InternalIP` in manifests). Kubelet port is stored in `.status.daemonEndpoints.kubeletEndpoint.port` field of the node object (default 10250).
```
